Add basic NPM+Webpack demo (#40)
Optable/optable-web-sdk: README.md

You can browse a recent (but not necessarily the latest) released version of the demo pages at [https://demo.optable.co/](https://demo.optable.co/). The source code to the demos can be found [here](https://github.com/Optable/optable-web-sdk/tree/master/demos). The demo pages will connect to the [Optable](https://optable.co/) demo DCN at `sandbox.optable.co` and reference the web site slug `web-sdk-demo`. The GAM360 targeting demo loads ads from a GAM360 account operated by [Optable](https://optable.co/).

Note that the demo pages at [https://demo.optable.co/](https://demo.optable.co/) will by default rely on secure HTTP first-party cookies as described [here](https://github.com/Optable/optable-web-sdk#domains-and-cookies). To see an example based on [LocalStorage](https://github.com/Optable/optable-web-sdk#localstorage), see the [index-nocookies variant here](https://demo.optable.co/index-nocookies.html).

To build and run the demos locally, you will need [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), `docker-compose` and `make`:
```
$ cd path/to/optable-web-sdk
$ make
$ docker-compose up
```

> Then head to [http://localhost:8180/](localhost:8180) to see the demo pages. You can modify the code in each demo, then run `make build` and finally refresh the demo pages to see your changes take effect. If you want to test the demos with your own DCN, make sure to update the configuration (hostname and site slug) given to the OptableSDK (see `webpack.config.js` for the react and npm examples).

Author: ```suggestion
Then head to [http://localhost:8180/](localhost:8180) to see the demo pages. You can modify the code in each demo, then run `make build` and finally refresh the demo pages to see your changes take effect. If you want to test the demos with your own DCN, make sure to update the configuration (hostname and site slug) given to the OptableSDK (see `webpack.config.js` for the react example).
```
